some good videos for tomorrow from where
I've been checking the oil in the Gulf
but here in Washington we have the
landslide it's all over the multimedia
it's everywhere I know you guys have
heard it but I want to give you an
insight on this I checked the earthquake
monitors and what happened is we have 15
inches of rain here guys now it goes a
little deeper than this I will mile the
road I mean a mile wide area washed out
a long area almost a mile of the road is
covered 100 people missing god bless
your souls and their families and pray
for them and I'm going to show you what
happened the quake so what I'm sorry for
that for a sec i accidentally the rock
oh here we are little pvt there as BP
was talking there and there this picture
you're looking at right here this was
sent to me by Kerry of Washington State
she lives in bellingham washington which
is not real far from where this
landslide this massive landslide took
place now what BP was talking about was
the fact he checked the earthquake
monitors and there was no significant
earthquake to cause this event but he
did say was there was 15 inches of rain
that had fallen there over a period of
of just a few days and the rain coupled
with the fact that they've been cutting
a lot of timber out of the tops of these
mountains has created a weakening of the
mountainside and they can give you can
get away with that cutting of all that
timber as long as you don't get a
massive amount of rain or a major or a
strong earthquake shaking and so what's
happened is it was an earthquake it was
15 inches of rain and it's going to rain
more it's on the way here's a sad thing
there's a lot of people that have
perished in this now we already know
that 14 people are confirmed dead and
now they say a hundred and seventy-six
are missing
and they're buried in about 60 foot of
earth and you can see as the mountain
just came melting down now the bible
does tell us that the mountain can melt
at the presence of the Lord in Isaiah
chapter 64 and i will read that
scripture for you and it's because God
brings a judgment upon humanity now
God's bringing judgment for several
reasons one we're we're destroying his
earth and that that he is very angry
about we're also destroying his
spiritual laws the laws of the of the
universe or the laws of God and we're
doing it because of our wickedness
that's going on and God will bring
judgment upon the land now it says here
in Isaiah 64 all that thou wouldest rim
the heavens and that wood has come down
that the mountains might flow down at
thy presence and that's exactly what has
happened here as when the melting fire
burnet the fire causes the waters to
boil to make thy name known to thine
adversaries that the nations may tremble
at thy presence and when thou did us
tremble or excuse me when thou did us
terrible things which we look not for
thou camus down the mountains flow down
at thy presence I'll tell you the Lord
then Lord says for since the beginning
of the world men have not heard nor
perceived by the ear neither have the I
seen Oh God besides thee what he had
prepared for him that waiteth for him
now the Lord is not slack concerning his
promise as some men count slackness but
he's long-suffering to us-ward not
willing that any should perish but all
would come to repentance but he also
said God is not mocked what's over man
soweth that shall he also reap so this
is very significant now there's another
situation developing and that is
this this missing Malaysia plane now now
I know the Prime Minister Malaysia has
said that it's gone its history forget
about it but folks I'm very suspicious
of some of the things that are happening
surrounding that plane and I'll be right
back to tell you about that in my next
video in just a moment folks if you're
not saved it's time to start giving your
life to Jesus Christ it's time to repent
of your sins you need to be born again
and so just I want to thank Kerry for
this picture out of Washington and BP
his report on the fact that there was a
lot of rain and the stripping away of
the mountains sets up for a disaster and
God will send his judgment upon the land
America we need to repent